Name	Description	Status  	Startup Type	Log On As
ActiveX Installer (AxInstSV)	Provides User Account Control validation for the installation of ActiveX controls from the Internet and enables management of ActiveX control installation based on Group Policy settings. This service is started on demand and if disabled the installation of ActiveX controls will behave according to default browser settings.		Manual	Local System
Agent Activation Runtime_71d2a	Runtime for activating conversational agent applications		Manual	Local System
AllJoyn Router Service	Routes AllJoyn messages for the local AllJoyn clients. If this service is stopped the AllJoyn clients that do not have their own bundled routers will be unable to run.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
AMD External Events Utility		Running	Automatic	Local System
App Readiness	Gets apps ready for use the first time a user signs in to this PC and when adding new apps.		Manual	Local System
Application Identity	Determines and verifies the identity of an application. Disabling this service will prevent AppLocker from being enforced.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Application Information	Facilitates the running of interactive applications with additional administrative privileges.  If this service is stopped, users will be unable to launch applications with the additional administrative privileges they may require to perform desired user tasks.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Application Layer Gateway Service	Provides support for 3rd party protocol plug-ins for Internet Connection Sharing		Manual	Local Service
AppX Deployment Service (AppXSVC)	Provides infrastructure support for deploying Store applications. This service is started on demand and if disabled Store applications will not be deployed to the system, and may not function properly.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
AtherosSvc		Running	Automatic	Local System
Auto Time Zone Updater	Automatically sets the system time zone.		Disabled	Local Service
AVCTP service	This is Audio Video Control Transport Protocol service	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Background Intelligent Transfer Service	Transfers files in the background using idle network bandwidth. If the service is disabled, then any applications that depend on BITS, such as Windows Update or MSN Explorer, will be unable to automatically download programs and other information.	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start)	Local System
Background Tasks Infrastructure Service	Windows infrastructure service that controls which background tasks can run on the system.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Base Filtering Engine	The Base Filtering Engine (BFE) is a service that manages firewall and Internet Protocol security (IPsec) policies and implements user mode filtering. Stopping or disabling the BFE service will significantly reduce the security of the system. It will also result in unpredictable behavior in IPsec management and firewall applications.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
BitLocker Drive Encryption Service	BDESVC hosts the BitLocker Drive Encryption service. BitLocker Drive Encryption provides secure startup for the operating system, as well as full volume encryption for OS, fixed or removable volumes. This service allows BitLocker to prompt users for various actions related to their volumes when mounted, and unlocks volumes automatically without user interaction. Additionally, it stores recovery information to Active Directory, if available, and, if necessary, ensures the most recent recovery certificates are used.  Stopping or disabling the service would prevent users from leveraging this functionality.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Block Level Backup Engine Service	The WBENGINE service is used by Windows Backup to perform backup and recovery operations. If this service is stopped by a user, it may cause the currently running backup or recovery operation to fail. Disabling this service may disable backup and recovery operations using Windows Backup on this computer.		Manual	Local System
Bluetooth Audio Gateway Service	Service supporting the audio gateway role of the Bluetooth Handsfree Profile.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Bluetooth Support Service	The Bluetooth service supports discovery and association of remote Bluetooth devices.  Stopping or disabling this service may cause already installed Bluetooth devices to fail to operate properly and prevent new devices from being discovered or associated.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Bluetooth User Support Service_71d2a	The Bluetooth user service supports proper functionality of Bluetooth features relevant to each user session.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Capability Access Manager Service	Provides facilities for managing UWP apps access to app capabilities as well as checking an app's access to specific app capabilities	Running	Manual	Local System
CaptureService_71d2a	Enables optional screen capture functionality for applications that call the Windows.Graphics.Capture API.		Manual	Local System
Cellular Time	This service sets time based on NITZ messages from a Mobile Network		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Certificate Propagation	Copies user certificates and root certificates from smart cards into the current user's certificate store, detects when a smart card is inserted into a smart card reader, and, if needed, installs the smart card Plug and Play minidriver.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Client License Service (ClipSVC)	Provides infrastructure support for the Microsoft Store. This service is started on demand and if disabled applications bought using Windows Store will not behave correctly.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Clipboard User Service_71d2a	This user service is used for Clipboard scenarios	Running	Manual	Local System
CNG Key Isolation	The CNG key isolation service is hosted in the LSA process. The service provides key process isolation to private keys and associated cryptographic operations as required by the Common Criteria. The service stores and uses long-lived keys in a secure process complying with Common Criteria requirements.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
COM+ Event System	Supports System Event Notification Service (SENS), which provides automatic distribution of events to subscribing Component Object Model (COM) components. If the service is stopped, SENS will close and will not be able to provide logon and logoff notifications. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
COM+ System Application	Manages the configuration and tracking of Component Object Model (COM)+-based components. If the service is stopped, most COM+-based components will not function properly. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local System
Connected Devices Platform Service	This service is used for Connected Devices Platform scenarios	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start, Trigger Start)	Local Service
Connected Devices Platform User Service_71d2a	This user service is used for Connected Devices Platform scenarios	Running	Automatic	Local System
Connected User Experiences and Telemetry	The Connected User Experiences and Telemetry service enables features that support in-application and connected user experiences. Additionally, this service manages the event driven collection and transmission of diagnostic and usage information (used to improve the experience and quality of the Windows Platform) when the diagnostics and usage privacy option settings are enabled under Feedback and Diagnostics.	Running	Automatic	Local System
ConsentUX_71d2a	Allows ConnectUX and PC Settings to Connect and Pair with WiFi displays and Bluetooth devices.		Manual	Local System
Contact Data_71d2a	Indexes contact data for fast contact searching. If you stop or disable this service, contacts might be missing from your search results.	Running	Manual	Local System
CoreMessaging	Manages communication between system components.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
Credential Manager	Provides secure storage and retrieval of credentials to users, applications and security service packages.	Running	Manual	Local System
CredentialEnrollmentManagerUserSvc_71d2a	Credential Enrollment Manager		Manual	Local System
Cryptographic Services	Provides three management services: Catalog Database Service, which confirms the signatures of Windows files and allows new programs to be installed; Protected Root Service, which adds and removes Trusted Root Certification Authority certificates from this computer; and Automatic Root Certificate Update Service, which retrieves root certificates from Windows Update and enable scenarios such as SSL. If this service is stopped, these management services will not function properly. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic	Network Service
Data Sharing Service	Provides data brokering between applications.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Data Usage	Network data usage, data limit, restrict background data, metered networks.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
DCOM Server Process Launcher	The DCOMLAUNCH service launches COM and DCOM servers in response to object activation requests. If this service is stopped or disabled, programs using COM or DCOM will not function properly. It is strongly recommended that you have the DCOMLAUNCH service running.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Declared Configuration(DC) service	Process Declared Configuration documents recevied from MDM and other channels and perform configurations on device		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Delivery Optimization	Performs content delivery optimization tasks	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start, Trigger Start)	Network Service
Device Association Service	Enables pairing between the system and wired or wireless devices.	Running	Automatic (Trigger Start)	Local System
Device Install Service	Enables a computer to recognize and adapt to hardware changes with little or no user input. Stopping or disabling this service will result in system instability.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Device Management Enrollment Service	Performs Device Enrollment Activities for Device Management		Manual	Local System
Device Management Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) Push message Routing Service	Routes Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) Push messages received by the device and synchronizes Device Management sessions		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Device Setup Manager	Enables the detection, download and installation of device-related software. If this service is disabled, devices may be configured with outdated software, and may not work correctly.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
DeviceAssociationBroker_71d2a	Enables apps to pair devices		Manual	Local System
DevicePicker_71d2a	This user service is used for managing the Miracast, DLNA, and DIAL UI		Manual	Local System
DevicesFlow_71d2a	Allows ConnectUX and PC Settings to Connect and Pair with WiFi displays and Bluetooth devices.		Manual	Local System
DevQuery Background Discovery Broker	Enables apps to discover devices with a backgroud task		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
DHCP Client	Registers and updates IP addresses and DNS records for this computer. If this service is stopped, this computer will not receive dynamic IP addresses and DNS updates. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
Diagnostic Execution Service	Executes diagnostic actions for troubleshooting support		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Diagnostic Policy Service	The Diagnostic Policy Service enables problem detection, troubleshooting and resolution for Windows components.  If this service is stopped, diagnostics will no longer function.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
Diagnostic Service Host	The Diagnostic Service Host is used by the Diagnostic Policy Service to host diagnostics that need to run in a Local Service context.  If this service is stopped, any diagnostics that depend on it will no longer function.	Running	Manual	Local Service
Diagnostic System Host	The Diagnostic System Host is used by the Diagnostic Policy Service to host diagnostics that need to run in a Local System context.  If this service is stopped, any diagnostics that depend on it will no longer function.	Running	Manual	Local System
Display Enhancement Service	A service for managing display enhancement such as brightness control.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Display Policy Service	Manages the connection and configuration of local and remote displays	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start)	Local Service
Distributed Link Tracking Client	Maintains links between NTFS files within a computer or across computers in a network.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Distributed Transaction Coordinator	Coordinates transactions that span multiple resource managers, such as databases, message queues, and file systems. If this service is stopped, these transactions will fail. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Network Service
DNS Client	The DNS Client service (dnscache) caches Domain Name System (DNS) names and registers the full computer name for this computer. If the service is stopped, DNS names will continue to be resolved. However, the results of DNS name queries will not be cached and the computer's name will not be registered. If the service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic (Trigger Start)	Network Service
Dolby DAX2 API Service	Dolby DAX2 API Service is used by Dolby DAX2 applications to control Dolby Audio components in the system.	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start)	Local System
Downloaded Maps Manager	Windows service for application access to downloaded maps. This service is started on-demand by application accessing downloaded maps. Disabling this service will prevent apps from accessing maps.		Automatic (Delayed Start)	Network Service
Embedded Mode	The Embedded Mode service enables scenarios related to Background Applications.  Disabling this service will prevent Background Applications from being activated.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Encrypting File System (EFS)	Provides the core file encryption technology used to store encrypted files on NTFS file system volumes. If this service is stopped or disabled, applications will be unable to access encrypted files.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Enterprise App Management Service	Enables enterprise application management.		Manual	Local System
Extensible Authentication Protocol	The Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) service provides network authentication in such scenarios as 802.1x wired and wireless, VPN, and Network Access Protection (NAP).  EAP also provides application programming interfaces (APIs) that are used by network access clients, including wireless and VPN clients, during the authentication process.  If you disable this service, this computer is prevented from accessing networks that require EAP authentication.		Manual	Local System
Fax	Enables you to send and receive faxes, utilizing fax resources available on this computer or on the network.		Manual	Network Service
File History Service	Protects user files from accidental loss by copying them to a backup location		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
FileSyncHelper	Helper service for OneDrive		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Function Discovery Provider Host	The FDPHOST service hosts the Function Discovery (FD) network discovery providers. These FD providers supply network discovery services for the Simple Services Discovery Protocol (SSDP) and Web Services – Discovery (WS-D) protocol. Stopping or disabling the FDPHOST service will disable network discovery for these protocols when using FD. When this service is unavailable, network services using FD and relying on these discovery protocols will be unable to find network devices or resources.	Running	Manual	Local Service
Function Discovery Resource Publication	Publishes this computer and resources attached to this computer so they can be discovered over the network.  If this service is stopped, network resources will no longer be published and they will not be discovered by other computers on the network.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
GameDVR and Broadcast User Service_71d2a	This user service is used for Game Recordings and Live Broadcasts		Manual	Local System
GameInput Service	Enables keyboards, mice, gamepads, and other input devices to be used with the GameInput API.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Geolocation Service	This service monitors the current location of the system and manages geofences (a geographical location with associated events).  If you turn off this service, applications will be unable to use or receive notifications for geolocation or geofences.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Google Chrome Elevation Service (GoogleChromeElevationService)	Provides encryption services and a secure way for recovering Google Chrome if it gets out of date. If this service is disabled, Google Chrome may lose access to encrypted data, and Google Chrome may not be able recover itself.		Manual	Local System
Google Play Games Services (26.2.475.0)		Running	Automatic	Local System
Google Updater Internal Service (GoogleUpdaterInternalService144.0.7547.4)	Keeps your Google software up to date. If this service is disabled or stopped, your Google software will not be kept up to date, meaning security vulnerabilities that may arise cannot be fixed and features may not work. This service uninstalls itself when there is no Google software using it.		Automatic	Local System
Google Updater Service (GoogleUpdaterService144.0.7547.4)	Keeps your Google software up to date. If this service is disabled or stopped, your Google software will not be kept up to date, meaning security vulnerabilities that may arise cannot be fixed and features may not work. This service uninstalls itself when there is no Google software using it.		Automatic	Local System
GraphicsPerfSvc	Graphics performance monitor service		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Group Policy Client	The service is responsible for applying settings configured by administrators for the computer and users through the Group Policy component. If the service is disabled, the settings will not be applied and applications and components will not be manageable through Group Policy. Any components or applications that depend on the Group Policy component might not be functional if the service is disabled.	Running	Automatic (Trigger Start)	Local System
HP Print Scan Doctor Service		Running	Automatic	Local System
Human Interface Device Service	Activates and maintains the use of hot buttons on keyboards, remote controls, and other multimedia devices. It is recommended that you keep this service running.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
HV Host Service	Provides an interface for the Hyper-V hypervisor to provide per-partition performance counters to the host operating system.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Hyper-V Data Exchange Service	Provides a mechanism to exchange data between the virtual machine and the operating system running on the physical computer.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Hyper-V Guest Service Interface	Provides an interface for the Hyper-V host to interact with specific services running inside the virtual machine.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Hyper-V Guest Shutdown Service	Provides a mechanism to shut down the operating system of this virtual machine from the management interfaces on the physical computer.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Hyper-V Heartbeat Service	Monitors the state of this virtual machine by reporting a heartbeat at regular intervals. This service helps you identify running virtual machines that have stopped responding.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Hyper-V PowerShell Direct Service	Provides a mechanism to manage virtual machine with PowerShell via VM session without a virtual network.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Hyper-V Remote Desktop Virtualization Service	Provides a platform for communication between the virtual machine and the operating system running on the physical computer.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Hyper-V Time Synchronization Service	Synchronizes the system time of this virtual machine with the system time of the physical computer.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Hyper-V Volume Shadow Copy Requestor	Coordinates the communications that are required to use Volume Shadow Copy Service to back up applications and data on this virtual machine from the operating system on the physical computer.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
IKE and AuthIP IPsec Keying Modules	The IKEEXT service hosts the Internet Key Exchange (IKE) and Authenticated Internet Protocol (AuthIP) keying modules. These keying modules are used for authentication and key exchange in Internet Protocol security (IPsec). Stopping or disabling the IKEEXT service will disable IKE and AuthIP key exchange with peer computers. IPsec is typically configured to use IKE or AuthIP; therefore, stopping or disabling the IKEEXT service might result in an IPsec failure and might compromise the security of the system. It is strongly recommended that you have the IKEEXT service running.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Internet Connection Sharing (ICS)	Provides network address translation, addressing, name resolution and/or intrusion prevention services for a home or small office network.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
IP Helper	Provides tunnel connectivity using IPv6 transition technologies (6to4, ISATAP, Port Proxy, and Teredo), and IP-HTTPS. If this service is stopped, the computer will not have the enhanced connectivity benefits that these technologies offer.	Running	Automatic	Local System
IP Translation Configuration Service	Configures and enables translation from v4 to v6 and vice versa		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
IPsec Policy Agent	Internet Protocol security (IPsec) supports network-level peer authentication, data origin authentication, data integrity, data confidentiality (encryption), and replay protection.  This service enforces IPsec policies created through the IP Security Policies snap-in or the command-line tool "netsh ipsec".  If you stop this service, you may experience network connectivity issues if your policy requires that connections use IPsec.  Also,remote management of Windows Defender Firewall is not available when this service is stopped.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Network Service
KtmRm for Distributed Transaction Coordinator	Coordinates transactions between the Distributed Transaction Coordinator (MSDTC) and the Kernel Transaction Manager (KTM). If it is not needed, it is recommended that this service remain stopped. If it is needed, both MSDTC and KTM will start this service automatically. If this service is disabled, any MSDTC transaction interacting with a Kernel Resource Manager will fail and any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Network Service
Language Experience Service	Provides infrastructure support for deploying and configuring localized Windows resources. This service is started on demand and, if disabled, additional Windows languages will not be deployed to the system, and Windows may not function properly.		Manual	Local System
Link-Layer Topology Discovery Mapper	Creates a Network Map, consisting of PC and device topology (connectivity) information, and metadata describing each PC and device.  If this service is disabled, the Network Map will not function properly.		Manual	Local Service
Local Profile Assistant Service	This service provides profile management for subscriber identity modules		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Local Session Manager	Core Windows Service that manages local user sessions. Stopping or disabling this service will result in system instability.	Running	Automatic	Local System
McpManagementService	<Failed to Read Description. Error Code: 15100 > 		Manual	Local System
MessagingService_71d2a	Service supporting text messaging and related functionality.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Microsoft (R) Diagnostics Hub Standard Collector Service	Diagnostics Hub Standard Collector Service. When running, this service collects real time ETW events and processes them.		Manual	Local System
Microsoft Account Sign-in Assistant	Enables user sign-in through Microsoft account identity services. If this service is stopped, users will not be able to logon to the computer with their Microsoft account.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Microsoft Defender Antivirus Network Inspection Service	Helps guard against intrusion attempts targeting known and newly discovered vulnerabilities in network protocols	Running	Manual	Local Service
Microsoft Defender Antivirus Service	Helps protect users from malware and other potentially unwanted software	Running	Automatic	Local System
Microsoft Defender Core Service	<Failed to Read Description. Error Code: 2 > 	Running	Automatic	Local System
Microsoft Edge Elevation Service (MicrosoftEdgeElevationService)	Provides elevated privileges for Microsoft Edge.		Manual	Local System
Microsoft Edge Update Service (edgeupdate)	Keeps your Microsoft software up to date. If this service is disabled or stopped, your Microsoft software will not be kept up to date, meaning security vulnerabilities that may arise cannot be fixed and features may not work. This service uninstalls itself when there is no Microsoft software using it.		Automatic (Delayed Start, Trigger Start)	Local System
Microsoft Edge Update Service (edgeupdatem)	Keeps your Microsoft software up to date. If this service is disabled or stopped, your Microsoft software will not be kept up to date, meaning security vulnerabilities that may arise cannot be fixed and features may not work. This service uninstalls itself when there is no Microsoft software using it.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Microsoft iSCSI Initiator Service	Manages Internet SCSI (iSCSI) sessions from this computer to remote iSCSI target devices. If this service is stopped, this computer will not be able to login or access iSCSI targets. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local System
Microsoft Passport	Provides process isolation for cryptographic keys used to authenticate to a user’s associated identity providers. If this service is disabled, all uses and management of these keys will not be available, which includes machine logon and single-sign on for apps and websites. This service starts and stops automatically. It is recommended that you do not reconfigure this service.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Microsoft Passport Container	Manages local user identity keys used to authenticate user to identity providers as well as TPM virtual smart cards. If this service is disabled, local user identity keys and TPM virtual smart cards will not be accessible. It is recommended that you do not reconfigure this service.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Microsoft Software Shadow Copy Provider	Manages software-based volume shadow copies taken by the Volume Shadow Copy service. If this service is stopped, software-based volume shadow copies cannot be managed. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local System
Microsoft Storage Spaces SMP	Host service for the Microsoft Storage Spaces management provider. If this service is stopped or disabled, Storage Spaces cannot be managed.		Manual	Network Service
Microsoft Store Install Service	Provides infrastructure support for the Microsoft Store.  This service is started on demand and if disabled then installations will not function properly.	Running	Manual	Local System
Microsoft Update Health Service	Maintains Update Health		Disabled	Local System
Microsoft Windows SMS Router Service.	Routes messages based on rules to appropriate clients.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Natural Authentication	Signal aggregator service, that evaluates signals based on time, network, geolocation, bluetooth and cdf factors. Supported features are Device Unlock, Dynamic Lock and Dynamo MDM policies		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Net.Tcp Port Sharing Service	Provides ability to share TCP ports over the net.tcp protocol.		Disabled	Local Service
Netlogon	Maintains a secure channel between this computer and the domain controller for authenticating users and services. If this service is stopped, the computer may not authenticate users and services and the domain controller cannot register DNS records. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local System
Network Connected Devices Auto-Setup	Network Connected Devices Auto-Setup service monitors and installs qualified devices that connect to a qualified network. Stopping or disabling this service will prevent Windows from discovering and installing qualified network connected devices automatically. Users can still manually add network connected devices to a PC through the user interface.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Network Connection Broker	Brokers connections that allow Windows Store Apps to receive notifications from the internet.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Network Connections	Manages objects in the Network and Dial-Up Connections folder, in which you can view both local area network and remote connections.		Manual	Local System
Network Connectivity Assistant	Provides DirectAccess status notification for UI components		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Network List Service	Identifies the networks to which the computer has connected, collects and stores properties for these networks, and notifies applications when these properties change.	Running	Manual	Local Service
Network Location Awareness	Collects and stores configuration information for the network and notifies programs when this information is modified. If this service is stopped, configuration information might be unavailable. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic	Network Service
Network Setup Service	The Network Setup Service manages the installation of network drivers and permits the configuration of low-level network settings.  If this service is stopped, any driver installations that are in-progress may be cancelled.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Network Store Interface Service	This service delivers network notifications (e.g. interface addition/deleting etc) to user mode clients. Stopping this service will cause loss of network connectivity. If this service is disabled, any other services that explicitly depend on this service will fail to start.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
OneDrive Updater Service	Keeps your OneDrive up to date.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
OpenSSH Authentication Agent	Agent to hold private keys used for public key authentication.		Disabled	Local System
Optimize drives	Helps the computer run more efficiently by optimizing files on storage drives.		Manual	Local System
Parental Controls	Enforces parental controls for child accounts in Windows. If this service is stopped or disabled, parental controls may not be enforced.		Manual	Local System
Payments and NFC/SE Manager	Manages payments and Near Field Communication (NFC) based secure elements.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Peer Name Resolution Protocol	Enables serverless peer name resolution over the Internet using the Peer Name Resolution Protocol (PNRP). If disabled, some peer-to-peer and collaborative applications, such as Remote Assistance, may not function.		Manual	Local Service
Peer Networking Grouping	Enables multi-party communication using Peer-to-Peer Grouping.  If disabled, some applications, such as HomeGroup, may not function.		Manual	Local Service
Peer Networking Identity Manager	Provides identity services for the Peer Name Resolution Protocol (PNRP) and Peer-to-Peer Grouping services.  If disabled, the Peer Name Resolution Protocol (PNRP) and Peer-to-Peer Grouping services may not function, and some applications, such as HomeGroup and Remote Assistance, may not function correctly.		Manual	Local Service
Performance Counter DLL Host	Enables remote users and 64-bit processes to query performance counters provided by 32-bit DLLs. If this service is stopped, only local users and 32-bit processes will be able to query performance counters provided by 32-bit DLLs.		Manual	Local Service
Performance Logs & Alerts	Performance Logs and Alerts Collects performance data from local or remote computers based on preconfigured schedule parameters, then writes the data to a log or triggers an alert. If this service is stopped, performance information will not be collected. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local Service
Phone Service	Manages the telephony state on the device	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Plug and Play	Enables a computer to recognize and adapt to hardware changes with little or no user input. Stopping or disabling this service will result in system instability.	Running	Manual	Local System
PNRP Machine Name Publication Service	This service publishes a machine name using the Peer Name Resolution Protocol.  Configuration is managed via the netsh context 'p2p pnrp peer' 		Manual	Local Service
Portable Device Enumerator Service	Enforces group policy for removable mass-storage devices. Enables applications such as Windows Media Player and Image Import Wizard to transfer and synchronize content using removable mass-storage devices.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Power	Manages power policy and power policy notification delivery.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Print Spooler	This service spools print jobs and handles interaction with the printer.  If you turn off this service, you won’t be able to print or see your printers.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Printer Extensions and Notifications	This service opens custom printer dialog boxes and handles notifications from a remote print server or a printer. If you turn off this service, you won’t be able to see printer extensions or notifications.		Manual	Local System
PrintWorkflow_71d2a	Provides support for Print Workflow applications. If you turn off this service, you may not be able to print successfully.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Problem Reports Control Panel Support	This service provides support for viewing, sending and deletion of system-level problem reports for the Problem Reports control panel.		Manual	Local System
Program Compatibility Assistant Service	This service provides support for the Program Compatibility Assistant (PCA).  PCA monitors programs installed and run by the user and detects known compatibility problems. If this service is stopped, PCA will not function properly.	Running	Manual	Local System
Qualcomm Atheros WLAN Driver Service		Running	Automatic	Local System
Quality Windows Audio Video Experience	Quality Windows Audio Video Experience (qWave) is a networking platform for Audio Video (AV) streaming applications on IP home networks. qWave enhances AV streaming performance and reliability by ensuring network quality-of-service (QoS) for AV applications. It provides mechanisms for admission control, run time monitoring and enforcement, application feedback, and traffic prioritization.	Running	Manual	Local Service
Radio Management Service	Radio Management and Airplane Mode Service	Running	Manual	Local Service
Realtek Audio Service	For cooperation with Realtek audio driver.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Recommended Troubleshooting Service	Enables automatic mitigation for known problems by applying recommended troubleshooting. If stopped, your device will not get recommended troubleshooting for problems on your device.		Manual	Local System
Remote Access Auto Connection Manager	Creates a connection to a remote network whenever a program references a remote DNS or NetBIOS name or address.		Manual	Local System
Remote Access Connection Manager	Manages dial-up and virtual private network (VPN) connections from this computer to the Internet or other remote networks. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Remote Desktop Configuration	Remote Desktop Configuration service (RDCS) is responsible for all Remote Desktop Services and Remote Desktop related configuration and session maintenance activities that require SYSTEM context. These include per-session temporary folders, RD themes, and RD certificates.		Manual	Local System
Remote Desktop Services	Allows users to connect interactively to a remote computer. Remote Desktop and Remote Desktop Session Host Server depend on this service.  To prevent remote use of this computer, clear the checkboxes on the Remote tab of the System properties control panel item.		Manual	Network Service
Remote Desktop Services UserMode Port Redirector	Allows the redirection of Printers/Drives/Ports for RDP connections		Manual	Local System
Remote Procedure Call (RPC)	The RPCSS service is the Service Control Manager for COM and DCOM servers. It performs object activations requests, object exporter resolutions and distributed garbage collection for COM and DCOM servers. If this service is stopped or disabled, programs using COM or DCOM will not function properly. It is strongly recommended that you have the RPCSS service running.	Running	Automatic	Network Service
Remote Procedure Call (RPC) Locator	In Windows 2003 and earlier versions of Windows, the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) Locator service manages the RPC name service database. In Windows Vista and later versions of Windows, this service does not provide any functionality and is present for application compatibility.		Manual	Network Service
Remote Registry	Enables remote users to modify registry settings on this computer. If this service is stopped, the registry can be modified only by users on this computer. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Disabled	Local Service
Retail Demo Service	The Retail Demo service controls device activity while the device is in retail demo mode.		Manual	Local System
Routing and Remote Access	Offers routing services to businesses in local area and wide area network environments.		Disabled	Local System
RPC Endpoint Mapper	Resolves RPC interfaces identifiers to transport endpoints. If this service is stopped or disabled, programs using Remote Procedure Call (RPC) services will not function properly.	Running	Automatic	Network Service
Secondary Logon	Enables starting processes under alternate credentials. If this service is stopped, this type of logon access will be unavailable. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local System
Secure Socket Tunneling Protocol Service	Provides support for the Secure Socket Tunneling Protocol (SSTP) to connect to remote computers using VPN. If this service is disabled, users will not be able to use SSTP to access remote servers.	Running	Manual	Local Service
Security Accounts Manager	The startup of this service signals other services that the Security Accounts Manager (SAM) is ready to accept requests.  Disabling this service will prevent other services in the system from being notified when the SAM is ready, which may in turn cause those services to fail to start correctly. This service should not be disabled.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Security Center	The WSCSVC (Windows Security Center) service monitors and reports security health settings on the computer.  The health settings include firewall (on/off), antivirus (on/off/out of date), antispyware (on/off/out of date), Windows Update (automatically/manually download and install updates), User Account Control (on/off), and Internet settings (recommended/not recommended). The service provides COM APIs for independent software vendors to register and record the state of their products to the Security Center service.  The Security and Maintenance UI uses the service to provide systray alerts and a graphical view of the security health states in the Security and Maintenance control panel.  Network Access Protection (NAP) uses the service to report the security health states of clients to the NAP Network Policy Server to make network quarantine decisions.  The service also has a public API that allows external consumers to programmatically retrieve the aggregated security health state of 	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start)	Local Service
Sensor Data Service	Delivers data from a variety of sensors		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Sensor Monitoring Service	Monitors various sensors in order to expose data and adapt to system and user state.  If this service is stopped or disabled, the display brightness will not adapt to lighting conditions. Stopping this service may affect other system functionality and features as well.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Sensor Service	A service for sensors that manages different sensors' functionality. Manages Simple Device Orientation (SDO) and History for sensors. Loads the SDO sensor that reports device orientation changes.  If this service is stopped or disabled, the SDO sensor will not be loaded and so auto-rotation will not occur. History collection from Sensors will also be stopped.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Server	Supports file, print, and named-pipe sharing over the network for this computer. If this service is stopped, these functions will be unavailable. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic (Trigger Start)	Local System
Shared PC Account Manager	Manages profiles and accounts on a SharedPC configured device		Disabled	Local System
Shell Hardware Detection	Provides notifications for AutoPlay hardware events.	Running	Automatic	Local System
SJ App	Surf To Earn application service. If this service is disabled, the Surf To Earn application will not be active.		Automatic	Local System
SJ Updater	Surf To Earn updater service. If this service is disabled, the Surf To Earn application will not be kept up to date.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Smart Card	Manages access to smart cards read by this computer. If this service is stopped, this computer will be unable to read smart cards. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Smart Card Device Enumeration Service	Creates software device nodes for all smart card readers accessible to a given session. If this service is disabled, WinRT APIs will not be able to enumerate smart card readers.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Smart Card Removal Policy	Allows the system to be configured to lock the user desktop upon smart card removal.		Manual	Local System
SNMP Trap	Receives trap messages generated by local or remote Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) agents and forwards the messages to SNMP management programs running on this computer. If this service is stopped, SNMP-based programs on this computer will not receive SNMP trap messages. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local Service
Software Protection	Enables the download, installation and enforcement of digital licenses for Windows and Windows applications. If the service is disabled, the operating system and licensed applications may run in a notification mode. It is strongly recommended that you not disable the Software Protection service.		Automatic (Delayed Start, Trigger Start)	Network Service
Spatial Data Service	This service is used for Spatial Perception scenarios		Manual	Local Service
Spot Verifier	Verifies potential file system corruptions.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
SSDP Discovery	Discovers networked devices and services that use the SSDP discovery protocol, such as UPnP devices. Also announces SSDP devices and services running on the local computer. If this service is stopped, SSDP-based devices will not be discovered. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Manual	Local Service
State Repository Service	Provides required infrastructure support for the application model.	Running	Manual	Local System
Still Image Acquisition Events	Launches applications associated with still image acquisition events.		Manual	Local System
Storage Service	Provides enabling services for storage settings and external storage expansion	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start, Trigger Start)	Local System
Storage Tiers Management	Optimizes the placement of data in storage tiers on all tiered storage spaces in the system.		Manual	Local System
Sync Host_71d2a	This service synchronizes mail, contacts, calendar and various other user data. Mail and other applications dependent on this functionality will not work properly when this service is not running.	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start)	Local System
SynTPEnh Caller Service		Running	Automatic	Local System
SysMain	Maintains and improves system performance over time.	Running	Automatic	Local System
System Event Notification Service	Monitors system events and notifies subscribers to COM+ Event System of these events.	Running	Automatic	Local System
System Events Broker	Coordinates execution of background work for WinRT application. If this service is stopped or disabled, then background work might not be triggered.	Running	Automatic (Trigger Start)	Local System
Task Scheduler	Enables a user to configure and schedule automated tasks on this computer. The service also hosts multiple Windows system-critical tasks. If this service is stopped or disabled, these tasks will not be run at their scheduled times. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic	Local System
TCP/IP NetBIOS Helper	Provides support for the NetBIOS over TCP/IP (NetBT) service and NetBIOS name resolution for clients on the network, therefore enabling users to share files, print, and log on to the network. If this service is stopped, these functions might be unavailable. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Telephony	Provides Telephony API (TAPI) support for programs that control telephony devices on the local computer and, through the LAN, on servers that are also running the service.	Running	Manual	Network Service
Themes	Provides user experience theme management.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Time Broker	Coordinates execution of background work for WinRT application. If this service is stopped or disabled, then background work might not be triggered.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Touch Keyboard and Handwriting Panel Service	Enables Touch Keyboard and Handwriting Panel pen and ink functionality	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Udk User Service_71d2a	Shell components service		Manual	Local System
Update Orchestrator Service	Manages Windows Updates. If stopped, your devices will not be able to download and install the latest updates.	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start)	Local System
UPnP Device Host	Allows UPnP devices to be hosted on this computer. If this service is stopped, any hosted UPnP devices will stop functioning and no additional hosted devices can be added. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local Service
User Data Access_71d2a	Provides apps access to structured user data, including contact info, calendars, messages, and other content. If you stop or disable this service, apps that use this data might not work correctly.	Running	Manual	Local System
User Data Storage_71d2a	Handles storage of structured user data, including contact info, calendars, messages, and other content. If you stop or disable this service, apps that use this data might not work correctly.	Running	Manual	Local System
User Manager	User Manager provides the runtime components required for multi-user interaction.  If this service is stopped, some applications may not operate correctly.	Running	Automatic (Trigger Start)	Local System
User Profile Service	This service is responsible for loading and unloading user profiles. If this service is stopped or disabled, users will no longer be able to successfully sign in or sign out, apps might have problems getting to users' data, and components registered to receive profile event notifications won't receive them.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Virtual Disk	Provides management services for disks, volumes, file systems, and storage arrays.		Manual	Local System
Volume Shadow Copy	Manages and implements Volume Shadow Copies used for backup and other purposes. If this service is stopped, shadow copies will be unavailable for backup and the backup may fail. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local System
Volumetric Audio Compositor Service	Hosts spatial analysis for Mixed Reality audio simulation.		Manual	Local Service
WalletService	Hosts objects used by clients of the wallet		Manual	Local System
WarpJITSvc	Provides a JIT out of process service for WARP when running with ACG enabled.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Web Account Manager	This service is used by Web Account Manager to provide single-sign-on to apps and services.	Running	Manual	Local System
WebClient	Enables Windows-based programs to create, access, and modify Internet-based files. If this service is stopped, these functions will not be available. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Wi-Fi Direct Services Connection Manager Service	Manages connections to wireless services, including wireless display and docking.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Windows Audio	Manages audio for Windows-based programs.  If this service is stopped, audio devices and effects will not function properly.  If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start	Running	Automatic	Local Service
Windows Audio Endpoint Builder	Manages audio devices for the Windows Audio service.  If this service is stopped, audio devices and effects will not function properly.  If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start	Running	Automatic	Local System
Windows Backup	Provides Windows Backup and Restore capabilities.		Manual	Local System
Windows Biometric Service	The Windows biometric service gives client applications the ability to capture, compare, manipulate, and store biometric data without gaining direct access to any biometric hardware or samples. The service is hosted in a privileged SVCHOST process.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Windows Camera Frame Server	Enables multiple clients to access video frames from camera devices.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Windows Connect Now - Config Registrar	WCNCSVC hosts the Windows Connect Now Configuration which is Microsoft's Implementation of Wireless Protected Setup (WPS) protocol. This is used to configure Wireless LAN settings for an Access Point (AP) or a Wireless Device. The service is started programmatically as needed.	Running	Manual	Local Service
Windows Connection Manager	Makes automatic connect/disconnect decisions based on the network connectivity options currently available to the PC and enables management of network connectivity based on Group Policy settings.	Running	Automatic (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Windows Defender Firewall	Windows Defender Firewall helps protect your computer by preventing unauthorized users from gaining access to your computer through the Internet or a network.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
Windows Encryption Provider Host Service	Windows Encryption Provider Host Service brokers encryption related functionalities from 3rd Party Encryption Providers to processes that need to evaluate and apply EAS policies. Stopping this will compromise EAS compliancy checks that have been established by the connected Mail Accounts		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Windows Error Reporting Service	Allows errors to be reported when programs stop working or responding and allows existing solutions to be delivered. Also allows logs to be generated for diagnostic and repair services. If this service is stopped, error reporting might not work correctly and results of diagnostic services and repairs might not be displayed.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Windows Event Collector	This service manages persistent subscriptions to events from remote sources that support WS-Management protocol. This includes Windows Vista event logs, hardware and IPMI-enabled event sources. The service stores forwarded events in a local Event Log. If this service is stopped or disabled event subscriptions cannot be created and forwarded events cannot be accepted.		Manual	Network Service
Windows Event Log	This service manages events and event logs. It supports logging events, querying events, subscribing to events, archiving event logs, and managing event metadata. It can display events in both XML and plain text format. Stopping this service may compromise security and reliability of the system.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
Windows Font Cache Service	Optimizes performance of applications by caching commonly used font data. Applications will start this service if it is not already running. It can be disabled, though doing so will degrade application performance.	Running	Automatic	Local Service
Windows Image Acquisition (WIA)	Provides image acquisition services for scanners and cameras	Running	Automatic (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Windows Insider Service	Provides infrastructure support for the Windows Insider Program. This service must remain enabled for the Windows Insider Program to work.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Windows Installer	Adds, modifies, and removes applications provided as a Windows Installer (*.msi, *.msp) package. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.		Manual	Local System
Windows License Manager Service	Provides infrastructure support for the Microsoft Store.  This service is started on demand and if disabled then content acquired through the Microsoft Store will not function properly.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Windows Management Instrumentation	Provides a common interface and object model to access management information about operating system, devices, applications and services. If this service is stopped, most Windows-based software will not function properly. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Windows Management Service	Performs management including Provisioning and Enrollment activities		Manual	Local System
Windows Media Player Network Sharing Service	Shares Windows Media Player libraries to other networked players and media devices using Universal Plug and Play		Manual	Network Service
Windows Mixed Reality OpenXR Service	Enables Mixed Reality OpenXR runtime functionality		Manual	Local System
Windows Mobile Hotspot Service	Provides the ability to share a cellular data connection with another device.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Windows Modules Installer	Enables installation, modification, and removal of Windows updates and optional components. If this service is disabled, install or uninstall of Windows updates might fail for this computer.		Manual	Local System
Windows Perception Service	Enables spatial perception, spatial input, and holographic rendering.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local Service
Windows Perception Simulation Service	Enables spatial perception simulation, virtual camera management and spatial input simulation.		Manual	Local System
Windows Presentation Foundation Font Cache 3.0.0.0	Optimizes performance of Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications by caching commonly used font data. WPF applications will start this service if it is not already running. It can be disabled, though doing so will degrade the performance of WPF applications.		Manual	Local Service
Windows Push Notifications System Service	This service runs in session 0 and hosts the notification platform and connection provider which handles the connection between the device and WNS server.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Windows Push Notifications User Service_71d2a	This service hosts Windows notification platform which provides support for local and push notifications. Supported notifications are tile, toast and raw.	Running	Automatic	Local System
Windows PushToInstall Service	Provides infrastructure support for the Microsoft Store.  This service is started automatically and if disabled then remote installations will not function properly.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Windows Remote Management (WS-Management)	Windows Remote Management (WinRM) service implements the WS-Management protocol for remote management. WS-Management is a standard web services protocol used for remote software and hardware management. The WinRM service listens on the network for WS-Management requests and processes them. The WinRM Service needs to be configured with a listener using winrm.cmd command line tool or through Group Policy in order for it to listen over the network. The WinRM service provides access to WMI data and enables event collection. Event collection and subscription to events require that the service is running. WinRM messages use HTTP and HTTPS as transports. The WinRM service does not depend on IIS but is preconfigured to share a port with IIS on the same machine.  The WinRM service reserves the /wsman URL prefix. To prevent conflicts with IIS, administrators should ensure that any websites hosted on IIS do not use the /wsman URL prefix.		Manual	Network Service
Windows Search	Provides content indexing, property caching, and search results for files, e-mail, and other content.	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start)	Local System
Windows Security Service	Windows Security Service handles unified device protection and health information	Running	Manual	Local System
Windows Time	Maintains date and time synchronization on all clients and servers in the network. If this service is stopped, date and time synchronization will be unavailable. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic (Delayed Start, Trigger Start)	Local Service
Windows Update	Enables the detection, download, and installation of updates for Windows and other programs. If this service is disabled, users of this computer will not be able to use Windows Update or its automatic updating feature, and programs will not be able to use the Windows Update Agent (WUA) API.	Running	Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Windows Update Medic Service	Enables remediation and protection of Windows Update components.		Manual	Local System
WinHTTP Web Proxy Auto-Discovery Service	WinHTTP implements the client HTTP stack and provides developers with a Win32 API and COM Automation component for sending HTTP requests and receiving responses. In addition, WinHTTP provides support for auto-discovering a proxy configuration via its implementation of the Web Proxy Auto-Discovery (WPAD) protocol.	Running	Manual	Local Service
Wired AutoConfig	The Wired AutoConfig (DOT3SVC) service is responsible for performing IEEE 802.1X authentication on Ethernet interfaces. If your current wired network deployment enforces 802.1X authentication, the DOT3SVC service should be configured to run for establishing Layer 2 connectivity and/or providing access to network resources. Wired networks that do not enforce 802.1X authentication are unaffected by the DOT3SVC service.		Manual	Local System
WLAN AutoConfig	The WLANSVC service provides the logic required to configure, discover, connect to, and disconnect from a wireless local area network (WLAN) as defined by IEEE 802.11 standards. It also contains the logic to turn your computer into a software access point so that other devices or computers can connect to your computer wirelessly using a WLAN adapter that can support this. Stopping or disabling the WLANSVC service will make all WLAN adapters on your computer inaccessible from the Windows networking UI. It is strongly recommended that you have the WLANSVC service running if your computer has a WLAN adapter.	Running	Automatic	Local System
WMI Performance Adapter	Provides performance library information from Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) providers to clients on the network. This service only runs when Performance Data Helper is activated.		Manual	Local System
Wondershare Driver Install Service help			Automatic	Local System
Wondershare Install Assist Service	Wondershare Install Assist Service		Automatic	Local System
Wondershare WirelessBackup Service help			Automatic	Local System
Wondershare WSID help		Running	Automatic	Local System
Work Folders	This service syncs files with the Work Folders server, enabling you to use the files on any of the PCs and devices on which you've set up Work Folders.		Manual	Local Service
Workstation	Creates and maintains client network connections to remote servers using the SMB protocol. If this service is stopped, these connections will be unavailable. If this service is disabled, any services that explicitly depend on it will fail to start.	Running	Automatic	Network Service
WWAN AutoConfig	This service manages mobile broadband (GSM & CDMA) data card/embedded module adapters and connections by auto-configuring the networks. It is strongly recommended that this service be kept running for best user experience of mobile broadband devices.		Manual	Local System
Xbox Accessory Management Service	This service manages connected Xbox Accessories.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Xbox Live Auth Manager	Provides authentication and authorization services for interacting with Xbox Live. If this service is stopped, some applications may not operate correctly.		Manual	Local System
Xbox Live Game Save	This service syncs save data for Xbox Live save enabled games.  If this service is stopped, game save data will not upload to or download from Xbox Live.		Manual (Trigger Start)	Local System
Xbox Live Networking Service	This service supports the Windows.Networking.XboxLive application programming interface.		Manual	Local System
